Adding more docs about various options for compiling papers (#838)
openjournals/joss: docs/submitting.md

## Checking that your paper compiles

JOSS uses Pandoc to compile papers from their Markdown form into a PDF. There are a few different ways you can test that your paper is going to compile properly for JOSS:

**JOSS paper preview service**

> Visit [https://whedon.theoj.org](https://whedon.theoj.org) and enter your repository address (and custom branch if you're using one). Note that your repository must be world-readable (i.e. not require a login to access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [https://whedon.theoj.org](https://whedon.theoj.org) and enter your repository address (and custom branch if you're using one). Note that your repository must be world-readable (i.e., it cannot require a login to access).
```

<img width="1348" alt="Screen Shot 2020-11-23 at 12 08 58 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4483/99960475-b4f7be00-2d84-11eb-83bd-7784e9e23913.png">

**GitHub Action**

> If you're using GitHub for your repository, you can use the [Open Journals GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/open-journals-pdf-generator) to automatically compile your paper each time you update your repository. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add something along the lines of

> The PDF is available via the **Actions** tab in your project and click on the latest workflow run. The zip archive file is listed in the run's *Artifacts* section.
